so this is the mesh up close and here is
the undies up close and here's miles up
close hey guys welcome back to my
youtube channel so today I'm doing a
fashion overhaul so if you don't know
what fashion / is it's pretty much the
mecca of online fashion stores it's
quite affordable but it all adds up
really quickly I'm speaking from
experience here I'm not sponsored by
fashion / so this is an unbiased honest
review so I've got a lot of the gear out
in front of me I know a lot of people
usually show the package as it arrives
it's still in this box it's still in its
original packaging but I have no chill
and I had to open everything instantly
to be honest actually forgot most of the
stuff that I bought online so that's why
I had to check it out I actually bought
a whole bunch of items from the new
activewear range because I wanted to see
if it was actually activewear because a
lot of the time they'll picture in the
models with heels I've never worked out
in heels maybe so I paid for all of my
items and it wasn't until several days
later that I received an email telling
me that the items that I actually
purchased were out of stock and they
simply gave me a voucher so like a gift
card to their store for the same value
of these items I mean I love online
shopping and I'll probably purchase
again because there are some items here
that are fantastic but I just don't like
the fact that I'm locked into that store
and I paid money for something that was
out of stock and it didn't even tell me
that it was out of stock until after my
purchase that's just not cool and I was
particularly excited about this one set
it was an active West set and I was
called sprints for days sorry
naturally I was already thinking of all
the puns that could go with this bad boy
in this video sprint today's was in fact
out of stock so that was a hard one to
take alright we're just gonna get
straight into this this is an active
work hall but I've thrown in a couple of
dresses because they were super cheap
and you know I was checking out anyway
okay so I'm actually wearing fashion
over right now I'll probably pop over
them okay so these are army no job is
there in the camo print I know
breaking his arm ego they have a star
pattern down the leg and they're kind of
a crop on me but I have a feeling that's
because I'm 5 foot 11 I'm wearing a size
small which is my standard size but I
feel like I should have sized up to a
medium in names because I like to win
them high waisted and every time I hike
them up I get an aggressive aggressive
camel toe situation so if you see that I
know and I've warned you but I mean they
are cameras so maybe you don't even see
any camel toe
so I've tamed them up with this little
crop top here it's called the Shelly
strappy lounge sports bra that's because
unless this strap detail on the back
here it's definitely not a sports bra
like Homer said not a sports bra this is
more the lounge I think that's why they
put lounge first I would wear a sports
bra under this I mean I don't have much
of a boss and I wouldn't be wanting to
run at this that's the show absolutely
no support but as a lounge top very cute
and it was only $9.99 and these were
$24.99 so I don't think it's worth they
make good pieces okay so the next outfit
that I'm going to show you it is the
Kiana active sports bra and Kiana active
leggings in forest night they're sold
separately but they're matching I'm
going to try one for you now and you can
see if you like them this feels
surprisingly better than I thought was
going to for the price this was $17.99
and this is $19.99 however the leggings
I mean leggings are difficult to get
right even top quality brands still have
some issues so the fabric is stretching
around my thighs and then print is semi
distorting and just going white because
the fabric is pulling so much so they're
also a lot tighter around my thighs and
around my carbs then it is at the waist
if you feel like this is already
dropping I'm not even going to try to
squat and knees because if it's doing
this to my thighs I hate to see what
it's gonna do on my butt and you'd hate
to see what its gonna do my but trust me
it also has cute little mesh inserts
just on the car which I like so I went
squirting these I wouldn't do
high-impact sporting activities but if
you were to maybe go do upper body a
little ab workout that's probably as
we do as far as the top guards I really
like it I like a little strappy day time
it's got a little bit of padding in it
depends on move you're gonna be done
other people don't like that but you
know any padding is group on me overall
I would rate them about a six out of ten
I probably would work out them to be
honest which i think is a little bit
awkward since it's active where I
wouldn't want to be active in them
they're already really hot I think our
time walks like a hex outfit cydnus
unlikely that I'm gonna be active in
this I'm gonna try it on these nets they
code get active so let's say about that
to be honest I am much more likely to
get active in these these were a little
bit more expensive $27.99 but I have to
say they feel pretty tasted they have a
little zip across the back we're got it
there it is I like the waist Bend I
would have it slightly higher I feel
like it's it's kind of awkwardly like it
feels like if it was just a little bit
more it pulled you in slightly more but
overall for the price $27.99
that's one pattern over a few days
probably 9 out of 10 I haven't opened
these ones yet but I'm pretty excited
because when I saw them online
I thought these these reminded me of a
high-end friend that I know of I'm gonna
try these on me now and you can tell me
which friend these remind you of
obviously the brand that was the
inspiration for these ones didn't choose
this colorway I mean it's beautiful
don't get me wrong these are the fashion
know about run hug leggings $12 99 and
to think just last week I was about to
buy the Nike power speed leggings
hundred and twenty dollars Australian
would've been a rookie error am i right
they're clearly a lot of similarities in
the design with the straps going down
the leg like this it's obviously being
inspired by Nike I'm not saying it's a
drip coffee I'm saying it's inspired
however that's where the similarities
end the waist line is quite awkward
because it's a little bit too big but
it's slipping down at the back it's
actually completely slipping down there
being really tight like around my knee
like cause they're quite big for like
I'm very tall but look how much extra
room I have here the waistband is a
little awkward it's not high-waisted
there's no low waist it's just kind of
it's over me it's just it's just here
it's low at the back I don't know what's
going on it's a group first mullet kind
of happening here basically you get what
you pay for here they are called the run
hard you can probably run hard for all
of three seconds before you adapt
yourself I mean really you do get what
you pay for it I have to say obviously
the design is nice thank you no I make
your $12.99 there okay but you're better
off saving that money and put it towards
something else especially if you have to
perform it's better than okay Oh
terrible these are clearly meant to look
like the martyr leggings from a like
yoga a lot of people have done this
design I don't know why this so long I I
don't understand okay so there's a hole
in the side of them but I mean that was
probably a part of that pulling on
process they don't look this
aggressively pink on the website but
just so you know if you're looking at
buying these they are aggressively pink
these are definitely not performance I
wouldn't even walk out on these they are
the time I'd probably wear them is if I
was dressing up as a pink Power Ranger
days were $24.99 and I have to take them
off because I'm just very uncomfortable
I decided just to change it up a little
bit and I got this short and this little
top that these are not a matching set
they are separate but I think they go
together quite well these are the
running babe active shorts they a mesh
and they just have built-in underwear so
I know if you're comfortable with that I
don't know if I'm comfortable with that
uncomfortable inside maybe not outdoors
so this is the mesh up close and here
and the undies up close and his mouth up
close you see the little waistband says
love all the way around this time here's
cool them must have a striped
lounge crop top I mean there are so many
analogies
it's gonna make it really easy to search
for it because it's gonna narrow it
right down it's really nice quality it
feels really good it doesn't have any
built-in support so I probably wear a
bra or a sports bra under it if you were
going to workout in it but yeah that's
quite nice on the top so these are the
shots for $12.99 and the top is $7.99 so
value for money I may have missed out on
the Sprint's per day set but I bring you
hotspur days this comes as a set it was
$34.99 it's really stretchy if I were to
criticize something about this
magnificent little outfit it would be
the waistband on these pants it is
rolling it's not ideal but $34.99 it's
pretty damn good okay so I was gonna
stick to active wear but as I was
checking out I quickly went over to
their dresses and how to look and may
have purchased three here they are this
is the first one it's called you're it
and apparently it's orange but I would
say more yellow mustard I'm pleasantly
surprised with their dresses they fit so
nicely
and they're super cute this has a little
zip here so it's actually nice light
fabric aids of route it has adjustable
straps which is fantastic and I just
think it's really flattering and really
nice and perfect for summer and it was
only $29.99 alright next dress so I'm
gonna show this dress pretty quickly
because I'm not a big fan of it it
looked better online it's the Berlin
bandage dress it was 39.99 and it is
just I mean I like that idea is there
but it's so thick and then in bunches I
just really don't like the material and
there's got this ribbon evander around
here which kind of just extra bunches
and everything just gets a bit weird
the material is so thick I feel like I
would be buoyant maybe wear it and stuff
but yeah it's not a fan when I saw this
situation online I thought maybe I could
change it not maybe it would actually
look really good cuz a little fantastic
on the model but I'm not digging any of
it alright next dress last but not least
I'm wearing at the lace knit dress it
Navy it was $24.99 and I absolutely love
it I think it is just so nice it feels
fantastic it's a mini length so it just
comes down just past my knees it has a
little corset tie up front which is a
super flattering it's a ribbed fabric
and it's very soft I think it's
fantastic so kudos fashion over this one
is definitely a win okay so that's it
for my fashion overhaul thank you for
watching and I hope you enjoyed it as
far as fashion nervous after wear range
goes if you're looking for performance
wear I wouldn't put it on par with blue
the lemon Nike those sort of high-end
brands but I would say that you get
value for money and remember you get
what you pay for I think that fashion
over do a better leisure sort of gear
and loungewear I probably wouldn't use
them to actually work out in I don't
need much bus to support so I probably
work out in a lot of their crop tops but
as far as leggings go I'm pretty picky I
like them to be squat proof flexible and
also flattering I really like fashion
over dresses I like the cut I think
they're really flattering
I wouldn't recommend getting the bandage
dresses because the fabric is super
thick and not as soft and flexible as
the other fabrics unless you're into
that obviously also I wear standard size
small or an Australian eight and I wear
a small in fashion area so it runs true
to size and most of the time however I
tend to size up in joggers which I
should have this time around and how the
tracksuit pants would just by sit a
little looser because my thighs usually
say no and I've heard really good things
about their jeans so that's coming soon
stay tuned so that's it for now if you
liked this video give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to my chest so I'm actually
laughing because I say every time but
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more I'll see you guys next time